[Music]
[Applause]
once upon a time in a beautiful wood
there lived a rabbit named Peter with a
blue jacket and no pants try to eat me
show me a teeth
do like a go bug it was you how are you
so good to see you
[Music]
I don't think of one thing that keeps us
as we stop our fun
the grinder is coming everyone
[Applause]
this is only the beginning of a looks
blink Mopsy you take the bag go over to
the window put it over his head
[Music]
Cottontail take the back just give him a
wet willy
I'm still so out of shape how's it
working with the putting the dressing on
the side
good but I don't understand why it's
healthier to drink it all at once
[Music]
what'd I tell you
easy peasy lemon squeezy
[Music]
Oh No I think we have a problem what is
it everything's upside-down
come in the garden no guts no glory you
ever scared of anything
dying alone that's why I brought you
here do you know what we do with rats in
the city we find them and we exterminate
them all right talk to me Benjamin
he's mowed half the lawn which maybe
gives us just enough time look at him
pure evil hey here's a crazy thought
what if we don't go in because last time
you almost got caught
what's so adorable I could just eat you
up that's exactly what he wants to do to
you
[Music]
take it all in because we're about to
take it all in you all know the drill
I'm not going to pretend that what we're
about to do isn't reckless foolhardy
even dangerous but we will succeed
because each of us plays a vital role
specifically tailored to our individual
talents look out look out look out look
out eros hello sweeties checking on a
new neighbor don't worry
never know maybe you'll be a nice normal
man looks nice that's not very normal is
it that's normal hey they're not all bad
I promise I'll explain it to him we'll
share our land around here give them the
benefit of the doubt all right bring it
in we already yep always I guess love
you guys it's now let's do this
it's gonna be a fun one
[Music]
lettuce radishes radicchio I'll tell you
what's ridiculous it is to steal this
man's vegetables because radicchio
sounds like ridiculous don't explain the
job that's a serious electric fence
widely feeding a peanut butter Yannick
he's trying to bait us into touching it
what happens if we touch it
we're about to find out no mrs.
tiggy-winkle stop I need some excitement
level rock check out
hmm look away Peter are you sure you
know what you're doing never stopped me
before
[Music]
eat me show me your teeth do you like a
goblak how are you so good to see you it
looks like there's a new owner this guy
this is our land
hello I'm be Thomas McGregor these gates
are incredibly sturdy I just need to
keep the wildlife out where they belong
in London we find vermin and we
exterminate them we're about to find out
no mrs. tiggy-winkle stop look away this
is our ancestors land it's time to get
our garden back we're gonna need
everyone come on Roxie Roxie
Benjamin love them things are not going
to end well for you
no guts no glory
it's time to bring the fight to him
[Music]
let's have a long way to boys get along
perfectly and that's what separates us
from the French our natural rabbit space
should be able to keep up well you know
what
that would never have worse
[Music]
Oh generous honest pure graceful
creatures our natural rabbit to pace to
be able to be sure what that would never
have worked blue techno pants
you must be Peter Rabbit that's right
wait did you try to eat me show me your
teeth
do like a go black it was you how are
you so good to see you
I don't think of one thing that could
stop our fun
[Music]
hello
checking on a new neighbor I'll explain
it to him we'll share our land around
here hello I'm B these gates are
incredibly sturdy I just need to keep
the wildlife out where they belong yes
they're angels this is their place okay
so he's tricked up there's only one way
out of this
he's got a go I have a vermin problem an
electric pencil keeper now no mrs.
tiggy-winkle stop look away we can't
give up it's our oldest
[Music]
you're mine ribbit
Oh what's going on yet wait - boys
getting along
nothing could make me happier I got us
into this we're gonna fix it
[Music]